Changing wording about server/service synchronization (#100)
quicwg/load-balancers: draft-ietf-quic-load-balancers.md

the Retry service, so servers MAY send Retry packets in response to Initial
packets that don't include a valid token.

> Both server and service must be synchronized to one another to prevent tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both server and service must have time synchronized with respect to one another to prevent tokens
```
